Cpalmer feb (#360)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/relnotes/index.md

# Microsoft Quantum Development Kit Release Notes

# Version 0.4.1902

*Release date: February 27, 2019*

This release contains the following:

> - Adds support for a Python host.  The qsharp package for Python makes it easy to simulate Q# operations and functiona from within Python. Learn more about [Python interoperability](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.python.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds support for a cross-platform Python host.  The `qsharp` package for Python makes it easy to simulate Q# operations and functions from within Python. Learn more about [Python interoperability](xref:microsoft.quantum.install.python.md). 
```
